multiple pages: format technical tokens (#5119)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/kops.md

`kops create secret sshpublickey {{key_name}} -i {{~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub}}`

> - Export the cluster configurations into the `~/.kube/config` file:

Reviewer: The plural doesn't really make sense here.
```suggestion
- Export the cluster configuration to the `~/.kube/config` file:
```
